DTM 1019.1.0 user guide (#1551)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/localization.md

  Use the **Localization** feature to add translations for asset properties or asset models, as well as to add custom translations for the existing static text in the DTM application.

>    Once you created all asset properties and asset models, their names are added as Identifier in the **Localization** page. You can add further translations as required.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once you created all asset properties and asset models, their names are added under **Identifier** in the **Localization** page. You can add further translations as required.  
```

![Main view localization page](/images/dtm/localization/dtm-localization-main-page.png)

> Once you create an asset property or an asset model, their names are added automatically as Identifier in the **Localization** page. You can further add the translations as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you create an asset property or an asset model, their names are added automatically under **Identifier** in the **Localization** page. You can further add the translations as required.
```

Click **Apply** to apply the changes.

> ### To add new Identifier for translations {#to-add-new-keys-for-translations}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To add new identifier for translations {#to-add-new-keys-for-translations}
```

> Add new Identifier and their respective translations using the **Add translation** option on the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new identifier and their respective translations using the **Add translation** option on the top right.
```

### To add and edit translations {#to-add-and-edit-translations}

>  You can add or edit translations for all the Identifier in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can add or edit translations for every identifier in two ways:
```

or:

> 1. Click the actions button edit icon in each row to open the **Edit translations** dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the edit icon in each row to open the **Edit translations** dialog window.
```

2. Add or edit the translation for any language.
3. Click **Save**.

Click **Apply** to apply the changes.

> Once all your translations are done, you can change the language under **UI settings** to see the translations in action. For more information see [To change user settings](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings/#to-change-user-settings).

Reviewer: @spau6 Can you provide a sample from the new UI which shows the new settings name?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/SoftwareAG/c8y-docs/assets/109800638/4e712d02-cd2b-4638-9d6f-44e79444c6ea)
